i am sai kishore reddy. you can go with kishore . Previousl I am working as DevOps Engineer at TNS
I have 8+ years of exp in the field of DevOps, specializing in Cloud Computing, Automation, Security, Build and Release Management
I have worked on  AWS and Azure cloud  for Cloud Implementations, migrations, support and cloud security. services like 
EC2, EKS, ECS, ELB, IAM, Cloud Trail, EMR,Sagemaker, VPC, SQS, SNS, Lambda, EBS, Elasticache, Elasticsearch etc 
ci/cd tools like github, gitlab,jenkins,ansible, teraform,docker , kubernetes, 
sast/sca/dast tools like sonarqube and veracode, Blackduck, Tenable 
monitoring tools like Splunk, Datadog, Pagerduty, Uptime, New Relic,
Prometheus, Grafana, ELK stack, Opsgenie, and Nagios,

tns exp:

Designed, implemented, and supported CI/CD pipeline using GitHub, Gitlab, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, 
Ansible and Python. Transformed TNS hand-off-based deployments into a fully automated CI/CD solution using 
Jenkins Pipelines reducing release times by over 60%. 
 Created and maintained AWS infrastructure by utilizing almost all the AWS stack (Including EC2, Route53, 
S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, IAM) focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling 
resulting in a 60% reduction in infrastructure cost. 
 Implemented AWS security solutions, including IAM, Security Groups, and WAF, resulting in a 70% 
improvement in infrastructure security.
 Written Templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform templates to build staging and production 
environment. 
 Written several YAML files to create many services like pods, services, deployments, selectors and labels, 
health checks, namespaces, config-maps and managed containerized applications. This resulted to prevent 
environmental differences resulting in over 40% less build failures. 
Designed, implemented and automated the applications security with different SAST, SCA, DAST tools like 
SonarQube, Veracode, Blackduck, Tenable and integrated them into CI/CD pipeline. Experience in Integrating 
SAST, SCA, DAST tools into CI/CD pipeline 

verana exp:
Implemented patch management using aws system manager and patched all the servers across the organization
worked on  Building and Managing Hadoop EMR clusters on AWS. Worked on configuring and setting up 
MWAA environment using EKS, S3 and ECR
 Worked on building the golden image for different teams using Packer and Ansible. 
Implemented a 'server less' architecture using API Gateway, Lambda, and Dynamo DB and deployed AWS 
Lambda code from Amazon S3 buckets. Created a Lambda Deployment function and configured it to receive 
events from your S3 bucket. 
Integrated Applications and AWS Services with Datadog, Uptime and Opsgenie for monitoring and alerting. 
internal servers to generate and automate reports to the management. 
 Automated and implemented the Terraform for creating/administrating the AWS resources like VPC, Subnets, 
Gateways, AutoScaling, Elastic Load Balancers, creating DB Instances and many others across different 
AvailabilityZones. 

IBM Exp:

Used Ansible as Configuration management to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploys critical applications, 
and used Ansible Tower to monitor automation activity and manage infrastructure. 
 Written Ansible playbooks & modules for Ansible customizations and to configure, deploy and maintain
software components of the existing/new infrastructure. 
 Created and managed Ansible playbooks and roles for automating the provisioning, package installations, and 
deployed web applications on Apache web servers, Tomcat Servers, and standalone server environments 
 Designed and created multiple deployment strategies using Continuous Integration and Continuous 
Development (CI/CD) Pipelines and configuration management tools with remote execution. 
 Ensured zero downtime using blue/green deployment strategy and shortened deployment cycles through Jenkins 
automation. 
 Written code for adding additional functionalities to the existing system

groupon:
Migrated from On-Premises Infrastructure to AWS Cloud focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, 
and auto scaling. Automated the build process in streamlining the multi-platform, and process of building 
and eliminating the build errors, developed automated testing each build 
 Worked on provisioning and managing Amazon Web Services (AWS) services like EC2, EKS, ECS, 
ELB, IAM, Cloud Trail, Route53, RDS, VPC, SQS, SNS, Lambda, EBS, Elasticache, Elasticsearch
focusing on production ready, load balanced, highly available and fault tolerant infrastructure
public traffic into its private network. 
 Managed users, groups with specific policies and attached them using IAM accounts and implemented 
multi-factor authentication to meet security compliance. Created and maintained policies for S3 buckets 
and used them for backup and storage on AWS. Encrypted S3 buckets for all CloudTrail logs encrypted 
and policies to access the logs. 

1.	Why Fulgent Genetics, what makes you want to work for us?


The job description aligns well with my past experience and this is something that I want to be part of. There is a huge learning opportunity 
for me in this role. I will be proud to contribute to its growth.

2. Why h1 ?
Zapire provides automation platforms liuke no code automation .so, i want to be part of that joruney. founded in 2001 , founder is tucker 
current ceo is marc. 

2.  Why should we hire you?
Because the job description aligns well with my past experience  and  I feel I have the knowledge, skills and qualifications you’re looking for and  
I want to learn new technologies eventually  increase my knowledge in this field at same time want to contribute to the organisation as well.
I will be proud to contribute to its growth.There is a huge learning opportunity for me in this role. I believe it is a good oppurutnity to learn new
 things from exp people.I will be getting a  platform to showcase my skills.
and I believe this oppportunity will help me complete a major milestione in my roadmap to become a DevOps Lead or Infrasturcure head./ 
Because job resposnbilities  I believe there is high chances that I can learn something new.it is a good oppurutnity to learn new things from exp 
people.I will be getting a platform to showcase my skills.


3. About work authorization or Visa sponsorship and start date 
-- at present I am on H1B with approved  I-140 , So you just need to tranfer the my h1b , you dont need to doanything wot greencard.


4.can you tell me about your leadership qaulities...??
according to me a leadship qaulities are 
encouraging creativity 
listening and commincating effectively 
positive attitude
trying new things
when I was in IBM , our team partipated in 2 day hackathon event-named CallforCode.at that time my manager told me to lead the team . Initially 
i have no idea ,how to lead the team but with some exp that i have gained during my personal projects , I initially gathered all people and 
I conducted a brainstorming session , later we integrated all the key ideas into one and worked on the development face of the idea. Here i splitted 
the work and assigned to each of them some people are happy but some people are not uhappy becuase they didnot get what they want. I motivated them 
by saying from each thing , we learn some thing new. later , we integrated those modules . Its just 2 day leadership , 
according to me a leadship qaulities are 
encouraging creativity 
listening and commincating effectively 
positive attitude
trying new things




5 .What is your salary expectations?
My salary requirements are flexible and are negotiable.I have been doing some research on market for DevOps,Cloud, Site reliability engineer roles.
I am expecting 180k as targeted salary all including and yes its always negotiable.

5.What are your weakness?
“My greatest weakness is that I sometimes focus too much on the details of a project and spend too much time analyzing the finer points. 
I’ve been striving to improve in this area by checking in with myself at regular intervals and giving myself a chance to re-focusing on the 
bigger picture. That way I can still ensure quality without getting so caught up in the details that it affects my productivity or the team’s 
ability to meet the deadline.”


6 .Team conflict?
In one of the project, some of tasks had a depedency on my teammates tasks, which he was constanlty submitting late  costing my productivuty.
 So, I called him for a coffee, I asked him about it  and asked is he going through any personal problems or it was work load. he said  
 he is  been working  two projects parallely, and I requested him to make dependency tasks as priority than other tasks and told him that 
 If he needs any help I would be happpy to help him and hea was hapy that I talked to him and resolved it perosnally.
 


7.	What's your strongest example of communication ability? What did you communicate?

I communicated with my clients when I worked with IBM to find out the requirements of the project.we used to have weekly meetings and mothnly releases
When we work with a client you know that there will be many situations in which we have to communicate with them. One of those situations is our 
Project Demo. I was the one who gave the presentation and interacted with them for further improvements and all. We used to provide some of the 
solutions to client by developing prototypes.I remebered one demo, where we used ml for one of the repository appliation similar to google
instead searching by typing the things , we used ml, directly scanning the device code to get the documents related to the particular device

8.Tell me about a time you made a mistake and what was the outcome?
 This incident was during my training days at IBM  where i waas given assesment to collect syslogs, weblogs 
 from servers and build a dashboard. At the endo of assessmnet, I figure out that network team and  I were on differentt page about end results.
 Those were minor changes was able to correct them. That mistake had helped me understand how things can get worse with differnet perspectives and 
 from then I  make sure that beofre starting a prohect/task, end user and I are  on the same page.

9. Why do you want to pursue masters and how you got interest in devOps.
When I was in my bachelors , i dont know which path to choose, so after that I got oppurtuinity to work as cloud engineer at Groupon,
then I moved to IBM and worked as DevOps engineer. There I realized that I want to learn deep about the os concepts , cloud concepts and networking
concepts and I want spend some time doing some projects which helps to advance my careers and I decide to go with masters, since this also provides 
me international learning experinace and working experience as well and also learning and working with diff people with diff age , diff community,diff
nationalities , diff traditions . I love working with them

10. what are the challeges you faced and how did yout ackled those 

11. which things you want to learn in the next job and what are those why 
12. what made you to show isnterest in this company 



interview strucute 
-- Phil director -- ci/cd pipeline for company --
-- 2 in devOps and one with app security,
-- phil asked about -- why you did with lymda like writing the scripts to automate the emr or ecr , writing api gateways ,
writing cloudformation things to automate aws , he asked about networking concepts like creating vpc , security groups 
-- if you get an issue in networking then you are able trouble shoot -- ans: yea , i can check the inbound and outbound along with security groups 

--what area you want to foucs on , what is the thing that if you get a hance to learn in free time -- i like working with teraform to automate things 
i like working on kubernetes , i like this kuberentes will be next big thing in the industry 
-- do you have any experince using ansible ..??
--

--setup hiring hiring manager , coding 1-1, 3, 